Nuo girl, you are here
Aunt Nuo girl
I want to hear you call me
aunt
Hey
It's this city that binds you and Shijun
You know it all
I already knew it
2Kg child
The one who most resembles his father
The way he looks at you
Just like the way his father looked at me back then
It's the same.
Luo girl
Although I don't know between the two of you
So what happened?
But if the 4th lord hurts you, I will replace him.
Apologize to you.
From the very beginning
He thinks it's his fault
Shouldn't like you
He has always felt that his identity
Will bring you criticism
After all, there are backups hidden
There will inevitably be gossip when it gets out
How can you, a little girl, stand this?
But it doesn't really matter.
I was with his father
It was not accepted by the family at first
Because we are brother and sister
Except I was adopted.
But even if the worldly eyes are not optimistic
We still haven't given up on each other
Instead, choose to be with the one you love
When I told him this
I thought he figured it out
He was never willing to communicate this with me
He didn't even get a chance to stand by his side
Don't give it to me
How did I find the courage to walk up to him?